Fix various issues (#131)
dotnet/symstore: src/dotnet-symbol/README.md

## Notes ##

> Symbol download is only supported for official .NET Core runtime versions installed from our official [web site](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core). Runtimes from community sites like [archlinux](https://www.archlinux.org/packages/community/x86_64/dotnet-runtime/) are not support. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Symbol download is only supported for official .NET Core runtime versions acquired through official channels such as [the official web site](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core) and the [default sources in the dotnet installation scripts](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-install-scripts). Runtimes obtained from community sites like [archlinux](https://www.archlinux.org/packages/community/x86_64/dotnet-runtime/) are not supported. 
```

Author: Done.
